NAME:Apache Foundation
DESC:The mission of the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) is to provide software for the public good. This includes providing services and support for over 200 software project communities who choose to join the ASF.
SITE:https://www.apache.org

NAME:Cloud Foundry Foundation
DESC:Cloud Foundry is an open source application platform for developing and deploying containerized applications in a standard way across multiple cloud technologies.
SITE:https://www.cloudfoundry.org/foundation

NAME:Cloud Native Computing Foundation
DESC:The Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) is a nonprofit organization committed to advancing the development of cloud native technology and services by creating a set of common container technologies designed around technical merit and end user value. Google is a founding member and contributed the Kubernetes container management system.
SITE:https://www.cncf.io

NAME:Eclipse Foundation
DESC:Eclipse provides IDEs and platforms for nearly every programming language and architecture.  It encompasses an extensible platform for creating desktop, web, and cloud IDEs.
SITE:https://eclipse.org

NAME:FOSDEM
DESC:FOSDEM is the largest free and non-commercial annual event for open source developers organized by the community for the community. The conference takes place annually in Brussels with over 6,000 attendees. The conference enables developers to stay informed about the latest developments in the free software world as well as attend talks on various topics by project leaders and participants.
SITE:https://fosdem.org" class="text-btn" data-g-event="Community_Affiliations" data-g-action="Click" data-g-label="Visit FOSDEM

NAME:Free Software Foundation Europe
DESC:FSF Europe is a non profit organization working to create general understanding and support for software freedom in Europe. Google is a proud member and supporter of their internship program.
SITE:https://fsfe.org

NAME:GNOME Foundation
DESC:The GNOME Foundation works to further the goal of the GNOME Project to create a free software computing platform for the general public that is designed to be elegant, efficient, and easy to use.  The Gnome project and community have been very active in the Google Summer of Code program since it began in 2005.
SITE:https://www.gnome.org

NAME:KDE
DESC:KDE is an international team co-operating on development and distribution of free and open source software for desktop and portable computing, focused around a powerful graphical desktop environment.  The KDE Community has been an active contributor to Google Summer of Code and Google Code-in for many years.
SITE:https://www.kde.org

NAME:Linux Foundation
DESC:The Linux Foundation is a trade association dedicated to fostering the growth of the Linux operating system and related projects. The Linux Foundation promotes, protects, and standardizes Linux "by providing a comprehensive set of services to compete effectively with closed platforms" and promoting standardization and technical collaboration.
SITE:https://www.linuxfoundation.org

NAME:Linux Kernel Summit
DESC:The Linux Kernel Summit is an invite-only annual event, run by the Linux Foundation, bringing together the world's leading core kernel developers to discuss the state of the existing kernel and plan the next development cycle.
SITE:http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/linux-kernel-summit" class="text-btn" data-g-event="Community_Affiliations" data-g-action="Click" data-g-label="Visit Linux Kernel Summit

NAME:LLVM Foundation
DESC:The LLVM Project is an umbrella for a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies. Google uses several languages built on top of LLVM technologies.
SITE:http://llvm.org

NAME:LWN.net
DESC:LWN.net aims to be the premier news and information source for the free software community. It provides comprehensive coverage of development, legal, commercial, and security issues.
SITE:https://lwn.net

NAME:MetaBrainz Foundation
DESC:MetaBrainz is a leading open source and open data project focused on music and art.  They attract many new contributors to open source and are a long term Google Summer of Code mentoring organization.
SITE:https://metabrainz.org

NAME:MIT Innovation Lab
DESC:Google helps support the work of this ground-breaking research lab discovering and exploring patterns in the sources of innovation and develops new processes to improve the "fuzzy front end" of the innovation process: the end where ideas for breakthrough new products and services are developed.
SITE:https://innovation.mit.edu

NAME:Node.js Foundation
DESC:The Node.js Foundation's mission is to enable widespread adoption and help accelerate development of Node.js and other related modules through an open governance model that encourages participation, technical contribution, and a framework for long term stewardship by an ecosystem invested in Node.js' success.
SITE:https://nodejs.org/en/foundation

NAME:NumFOCUS
DESC:NumFOCUS is a non-profit that provides a stable, independent, and professional home for open source scientific computing projects. NumFOCUS's educational programs and events, such as the global PyData network, aim to increase collaboration and communication within the data science and scientific computing community.
SITE:https://www.numfocus.org

NAME:OpenCAPI Consortium
DESC:The OpenCAPI Consortium is an open forum created to manage the OpenCAPI (Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface) specification for servers and the eventual ecosystem.  Google is a founding member and contributes technical guidance for the development of the specification.
SITE:http://opencapi.org

NAME:Open Compute Foundation
DESC:The Open Compute Foundation drives datacenter technology to be more efficient, flexible, and scalable.  Google believes in all of these goals.  We hope that by SITE:https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2016/03/Google-joins-Open-Compute-Project-to-drive-standards-in-IT-infrastructure.html
NAME:contributing
SITE:https://www.opencompute.org

NAME:Open Geospatial Consortium
DESC:The OGC (Open Geospatial Consortium) is an international organization committed to making quality open standards for the global geospatial community. These standards are made through a consensus process and are freely available for anyone to use to improve sharing of the world's geospatial data.
SITE:http://www.opengeospatial.org

NAME:Open Power Foundation
DESC:The OpenPOWER Foundation is an open technical membership organization that enables members to customize and optimize POWER CPU processors and system platforms for their specific needs.  Google is a founding member of the Foundation, and regularly contributes technical guidance as well as hardware design specifications.
SITE:https://openpowerfoundation.org

NAME:OSCON
DESC:OSCON is an annual conference that celebrates, explains, and demonstrates the power of open source technologies and communities. Topics range from the inception of languages and frameworks up through their use in the enterprise.
SITE:http://oscon.com" class="text-btn" data-g-event="Community_Affiliations" data-g-action="Click" data-g-label="Visit OSCON

NAME:OSU Open Source Lab
DESC:The Open Source Lab, in partnership with the School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Oregon State University, provides hosting for hundreds of open source projects.
SITE:http://osuosl.org

NAME:PyCon
DESC:PyCon is the largest annual gathering for the community that uses and develops the open-source Python programming language. PyCon is organized by and for the Python community. Through PyCon, the PSF advances its mission of growing the international community of Python programmers.
SITE:https://us.pycon.org/2017

NAME:Python Software Foundation
DESC:Python is a very popular high-level programming language for general-purpose programming. It is widely used at Google. The Python Software Foundation promotes and advances the Python programming language.  It also supports and facilitates the growth of a diverse international community of Python developers.
SITE:https://www.python.org

NAME:R Consortium
DESC:The R language is an open source environment for statistical computing and graphics, and runs on a wide variety of computing platforms. The R Consortium works with and provides support to key organizations developing, maintaining, distributing and using R. Google uses R in a wide variety of internal projects.
SITE:https://www.r-consortium.org

NAME:Schema.org
DESC:Schema.org is a collaborative, community activity with a mission to create, maintain, and promote schemas for structured data on the Internet, on web pages, in email messages, and beyond. A shared vocabulary makes it easier for webmasters and developers to decide on a schema and for users to get the maximum benefit.
SITE:http://schema.org

NAME:Software Freedom Conservancy
DESC:The Conservancy provides a non-profit home and infrastructure for more than 40 free and open source software projects.  Their work as the fiscal agent for many of the Google Summer of Code mentoring organizations is a huge help to Google.  Google is also proud to sponsor Conservancy's ongoing copyleft compliance work.
SITE:https://sfconservancy.org

NAME:Standard C++ Foundation
DESC:C++ is a venerable yet still widely used and deeply influential general-purpose programming language.  It is widely used at Google and has been since the company's beginning.
SITE:https://isocpp.org

NAME:TODO Group
DESC:TODO is an open group of companies who want to collaborate on practices, tools, and other ways to run successful and effective open source projects and programs.
SITE:http://todogroup.org

NAME:Undergraduate Capstone Open Source Projects
DESC:UCOSP is an academic program that brings together students from across Canada to work together on open source projects. Students learn how open source software development takes place, practice distributed development, and have the opportunity to work on projects with knowledgeable industry or faculty mentors.
SITE:http://ucosp.ca

